Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Sir.
Uniform number?
Uniform Number
Victor Seven Three.
Agent Lin.
you and your men
are the best guys I have
to transfer Dr James
to a secure military base.
A breach of
the witness protection plan
may threaten regional security.
Yes. sir.
Trust me.
De...
Devil!
Get down!
Let's go.
Give it to me.
No. no. no. no.
You're the devil.
You would have never succeeded
without me!
Where are the lab records?
They're mine!
Goodbye.
Hello?
Although Rick Rogers' latest novel
has not yet been published.
the copyrights for the movie
are already being sought after
by Hollywood.
Bids for such rights have been
coming in at shocking sums.
I've had a sneak peek
at this book.
"She is a mission herself.
"Her blood contains
all the memories.
"One day. she will find
her memories back again." Wow!
Well. we are very privileged
to welcome to the show
to talk about his new book.
'Bleeding Steel'.
Rick Rogers!
Oh. Rick! Oh!
How are you?
Oh. I'm very well. Mwah!
Welcome to the show. Thank you.
Have a seat.
So we heard the main character
was a US Marine
before he died of
nuclear radiation.
but then some geneticists
bought his body
and turned him into a bioroid
with a mechanical heart.
Well. can't keep a
secret from you. can I?
Oh. there are no
secrets in this world.
Well. maybe that's so.
But many unknown secrets
are hidden in my novel.
so go buy the book.
It's the perfect synergy
of body and machine.
Ooh. check it out.
Stop. Security check.
Turn around.
Is my kitty here yet?
She's on her way. boss.
Next time. it's my turn.
Sure.
Come here. kitty.
Come to Papa.
Excuse me. where are you going?
Who are you?
Shut up!
Where did you get
the information in your book?
Where did you
get the information?
It was my inspiration.
Who are you? What do you want?
This is your last chance.
Huh?
Fuck you!
Who are you?
How did you get the story
in 'Bleeding Steel'?
P-P-Please don't kill me.
I bought it.
Where's the original copy?
Everything you need is in there.
I just stole a story.
You shit.
Surveillance videos have been uploaded.
A team of policemen
are on their way to you.
Who's that?
Is that Batman?
Popular novelist
Rick Rogers has been murdered
in what police describe as
a robbery gone wrong.
We believe the
perpetrators of this crime
disabled the CCTV cameras
in this building.
However. we have obtained
additional footage
from CCTV cameras
in the building on the corner.
We urge members of public
who recognise this man
to step forward.
We have reason to believe
he may been involved
in the events
that took place tonight.
♪ Yeah And you don't stop ♪
♪ And you don't stop
And you don't stop ♪
♪ Yeah You don't stop ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ You don't stop. ♪
We were attacked by a
masked man at Rick's apartment.
I'm sorry.
He knew a great deal about
our bulletproof vests.
Where did you get
the information in your book?
How did you get the story
in 'Bleeding Steel'?
P-P-Please don't kill me.
I bought it.
Where's the original copy?
13 years you've had me trapped
in this sterile cage
like an animal.
You're gonna suffer everything
I've suffered.
Sir. we found out about
the transvestite.
He bought that costume online.
We have a shipping address.
Go. Do not fail me again.
Yes. sir.
♪ And you don't stop ♪
♪ And you don't stop... ♪
One pizza for Leeson.
Thank you.
When I find you.
I'm gonna kill you.
Hi.
Spaghetti?
Yes. please.
Red sauce?
Yeah.
And beef soup. right?
Thank you. sir.
Beef soup for
the beautiful young lady.
It's so sparkly! So shiny.
I know!
Sorry.
Bitch.
You guys had a conflict. though.
Excuse me?
What did you say? Sorry.
I can't really understand you.
I don't speak Chinglish.
That's a good one.
Oops!
Have you had a nose job?
What?
Argh!
I'm sorry.
Back it off. girl.
Hey. Go back. Get back.
Get back. Nothing to see.
Everybody get back. All of you.
All of you. guys.
Nancy! Nancy!
Are you okay?
Did you have another nightmare?
Drink something.
Thank you.
Did I wake you again?
I'm sorry.
Ever since I changed doctors.
the nightmares have got worse.
Because that's not doctor.
She's a witch.
She's not a 'witch' witch.
She's more like a guide
or a spiritualist or something.
Okay. whatever she is.
the dreams are getting worse
and clearer.
You have them every night.
I can't take it anymore.
I've lost my weight
and I can't sleeping.
Please. Nancy.
stop going to the witch.
or get her fix it.
Yeah. Oh. that's in.
Good shot. bro.
Ooh. konnichiwa.
Hey. look over!
What's your name?
Come on. baby.
I've been waiting for you
for ages.
Ooh!
Yeah! Whoo!
How have you been?
The nightmares are more frequent
and more vivid.
I feel like I've become
someone else in my dreams.
It takes time to heal.
This is stress. my dear.
Figments of your imagination.
nothing more.
But every bit of it
feels so real.
like I've been there
and I know all those people.
As if... they are leading me.
pushing me to find something.
Don't think too much.
Relax.
One.
Two.
Three.
Doctor. the subject is rejecting
multiple organs -
they're failing.
We're gonna have to
give up on this one.
Nancy? No.
Nancy?
Help me. Please don't kill me.
Nancy? No.
Don't kill me.
If you kill me.
nothing can save you.
What the fuck?
I-I've never seen
anything like this before.
There's someone else's soul
inside you.
This is way beyond me now.
There's a man.
He is a master of hypnosis.
He may help.
He'll be there tomorrow.
Let's see if you can see him.
Why did you let her go?!
She didn't tell us anything
about her dream!
The needle broke in half.
Rick's dead.
I have a feeling
the tapes we were selling him
got him into trouble.
For real!
Oh. boys. Ho!
See what we have here.
I see you come here a lot.
looking at that lame witch.
What's your name. huh?
You can't tell me but you wanna.
Really?
Now. that's my boy.
Aren't you. there?
Let me pass.
Oh!
So now you speak English?
How about this?
Pass under here.
I know you like that. huh?
Get that bitch.
♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want... ♪
Whoo! Come on. boys.
We've got some fresh meat.
Where you going?
Don't be scared.
Back off. Back off!
Don't get close.
Oooh.
Oops.
Feisty one.
You can't get away now.
Don't!
Get him!
Ooh!
Ahhh!
W-wait. Wait. wait. Okay.
Huh! Ha! Ha!
Ha! Hah! Hah!
Dok! Dok! Dook! Doo! Oh.
Wah!
Ah! Ahh-aah! Ow!
Ow! Ugh! Ow!
Ya!
Who you think you are?
Jackie Chan?
Hey!
Ahh!
Come on!
Get after them!
I think I'm blind.
Don't let that bitch slip away!
Stop running!
♪ And then we
gonna do what we want ♪
♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want ♪
♪ Bring it on. bring it on ♪
♪ If you've got what it takes
to survive. son. bring it on ♪
♪ Do your best with your
life Keep hitting rhymes ♪
♪ And then we gonna
get what we want... ♪
I'll get you!
You broke my balls!
This way. boys! Let's get 'em!
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey.
Excuse me. I'm looking
for a performer here.
A performer?
They're in rehearsal right now.
The performance
is in the evenings.
I need to see him right now.
It's urgent.
I'm sorry. I can't let you in
without a permit.
Okay. thank you.
Okay? Okay.
So. yeah. two for one.
Hi.
Hey. guys.
Uh. she's my girlfriend.
Can she come in?
Yeah. she'll be right.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Hey-hey. baby!
Okay.
My girlfriend.
My girlfriend!
Hi. Hey.
Mohammed Salaami.
Oh.
Sorry.
Mohammed Salaami?
Sal-ah-meh. Yeah. I'm Salaami.
Salaami. Salaami.
Salaami!
Good! I'm glad I found you.
W-wh-wh...
I need you to come with me.
Where are we going?
I need you to fix some lights.
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. everybody.
let's start rehearsal.
Lights. music. get ready.
Okay. ready?
Action.
Ladies and gentlemen.
please welcome Mr. Cosentino.
Ladies and
gentlemen. what you're about
to see here tonight
is truly extraordinary.
My angel has arrived.
Come to me.
Sit down.
You were a fallen angel.
But God has
given you a second life.
I know all your pain.
I'll guide you
through the darkness
to the light.
and find the soul
that belongs to you.
Love is all around you.
No! No!
Everybody get out!
Stop!
Don't kill the innocent people.
Hey! I got this!
You are late.
My work here is done.
Put your weapons down!
Get on the ground!
Get him.
Kill him.
Pick me up at the entrance.
You know. you're really starting
to piss me off.
Give me back my daughter.
You want her?
She's all yours. Daddy.
Ohhh! Oh!
Sorry.
Yaaah!
Yaaaah!
Hello?
H...
She must be protected.
All my work is in her body.
Someday she'll be the proof
to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
Oh.
Trust me.
Hello.
All my work is in her body.
Every detail is recorded
in her blood.
She must be protected.
Someday she'll be the proof
to the world
of my contribution to mankind.
Ugh!
I don't have time for this.
Good afternoon.
May I help you?
Please wait a minute.
Thank you. This way. please.
No. no. no. no!
Bastard!
Such superior regeneration ability
is attributed to the activation
of the regenerative genes
from the starfish.
Each recombined cell contains
the entire genome
and fuses to other tissues
to rapidly regrow
the missing part.
The experimental subject
is a special force
exposed to heavy
nuclear radiation.
He'll become the first
biowarrior in the world
if the experiment succeeds.
We have developed
the first-generation
mechanical heart to match
the rapid regeneration feature
of the bioengineered blood.
If the experiment succeeds.
the bioroid.
with the mechanical heart
and the bioengineered blood.
will be the immortal warrior
of the future.
Yes. madam.
Hey. boss. they're back.
You and I are actually the same.
We're lab rats
in his little experiments.
Ah. the only difference is
you didn't get to experience
the pain that I've suffered.
That sly fox.
Hiding his life's work
inside of you.
And all these years
just to find you.
I feel like you've turned me
into a monster.
Diverter initiated.
Purification in process.
Who are you? Oh...
We have the same
mechanical heart.
But I'm getting eaten alive
by my own cells.
Thanks to Dr James's blood.
not only will I get
my powers back
but your blood will give me
the ability to regenerate.
The world's first
super biowarrior.
My blood contains two sets
of memories for 13 years.
Those painful memories
constantly tortured me
day by day.
You will have three memories
once I pass them on to you.
And believe me.
you will go insane.
No.
You see this diverter here?
It'll remove all the impurities
in your blood.
Never again will I experience
any more pain.
Where's the Asian girl?
In... inside the lab.
Open the door.
What are you guys doing?
Nancy.
Where do you think you're going?
Arrgh!
Shaun! Sound the alarm!
Get outta here! Go. go. go. go!
Nancy! Nancy!
Nan... Oh!
Nancy.
Nancy!
Arrgh!
Open it!
Only the boss can do that.
Ugh!
Arrgh!
I'm gonna enjoy killing you.
Ugh!
Ahh! Huh?
Yah! Huh?
Arrgh!
Blood transfusion interrupted.
Reverting.
Goodbye.
Ugh!
Oww!
Ohh!
Arrgh!
Ahh!
Warning. System malfunctioning.
All personnel evacuate.
Ahh!
Leeson!
Ugh!
I don't have much time left.
The bioengineered blood
of my biggest success
was all given to Xixi.
It has superior regeneration
capability.
Take good care of her.
Ugh!
Huh?
Hi!
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to Nancy ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you. ♪
Happy birthday. Nancy.
Leeson!
Price is no problem.
If you've got for me
what you said in email.
Hmm?
Come over to my office
in Moscow. We'll talk.
I can send plane
to come get you.
Hey. man. thanks for
openly discussing the price.
And I can see right through you.
Sorry. I have a dinner date
with Jackie Chan later. Over.
Fuck!
Okay.
Baba!
Cut. Cut.
Arrgh!
Action!
Ahh!
Ugh!
One. two. three! Action!
Three. two. one. Action!
Keep to your stall.
And then back up.
Alright. let's do it again.
Take three.
Roll.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today